hey youtubers um today the discussion is
are you aiming to play yugioh cuz I'm
not okay so earlier today a lady asked
me what I like to do in the summer with
this really hot 19 young girl standing
right there and my mom blurts out oh he
liked what I well i'm trying to sell
alcohol facebook come you know be bored
watch TV and my moms like blurts out oh
he plays yugioh cards and i'm a move on
not because I'm ashamed it's cuz they
don't understand cuz her response was oh
it's okay i still like pokemon but it's
not a still thing see they think of the
little seven-year-old game that we all
used to play when we were seven play
with you you then it used to be the shiz
when we were all like seven and in
second grade used to bring them to
school and get in trouble get them taken
away have our parents go get our bint of
raw that went through the wash or seven
times cuz we put our cards straight into
our pockets with no sleeves but oh they
just see they don't understand I get in
so many fist fights at school over this
biggest mistake of my life saying some
guy I play yugioh don't you ever tell
anyone at school unless it's someone
else you play you play yugioh it will
ruin your rep like I was on top papi in
their popular i play you you said
sitting with the nerds of course there's
other people playing you like two people
but they're not pros they're like i
haven't played in two years but i know
how it's like oh ok but hopefully in
high school there be some well I know my
high school that there's some people
could play but see sometimes I don't
tell people because I
don't want to explain to them because
they don't know they think of the gay
little show that for kids for kids made
out of an awesome anime and they don't
know that there's regionals there's
Nationals there's jumps and my way of
recovering this thing I say something
like oh yeah I almost oh I was supposed
to drive to Chicago for a jump and I say
I'm like driving out of state and stuff
like bad say something like that so they
kind of get the gist that there's actual
tournaments for this thing but people
are like gay little card game we all use
to apply it when we were seven but
ninety percent all the people who
actually go to locals and regionals and
nationals can drive themselves there and
that's what irritates the out of me
they can all drive themselves there
there are no it's seven year olds grand
if they are grown men playing a
children's card game but it's portrayed
as a porch as as more of a children's
card game than it is invented to be a
children's card game in Japan but
Japanese kids you're smarter than
American kids no I'm so stupid comments
saying no they're not misspelling the
word not button ah well oh yeah
especially when you say it's an
intellectual game that never helps like
I'm sure it takes intellectual to be
like yo I so my blue-eyes White Dragon
uh like the other day not the other day
for the summer but towards the end of
the school year I walk into the bathroom
and a bunch of guys are staring at me
and that's one kid this one kid um
blurts out hey yugioh I challenge
you to a 23 card showdown he was like
leaning up against the wall like this